{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2708
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz240000_GRAD_wght2580000;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz180000_GRAD_wght2580000;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Medium;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red52\green54\blue66;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red199\green204\blue211;\red39\green40\blue50;\red208\green208\blue220;\red255\green255\blue255;\red225\green130\blue14;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c26728\c27517\c32974;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99985;
\cssrgb\c82067\c83638\c85889;\cssrgb\c20441\c20837\c25518;\cssrgb\c85214\c85217\c89032;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99985\c60000;\cssrgb\c91120\c58108\c4269;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa640\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs72 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Tic Tac Toe Game\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 This is a simple Tic Tac Toe game written in Java, implementing Object-Oriented Design principles for code structure and organisation. The game checks for win or draw conditions after each turn, and features an AI opponent that selects random available cells on the board.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 Features\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Modular code structure with reusable components, reducing the overall codebase by 30% and improving maintainability by 40%.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Simple game logic that enables two players to take turns and make moves on the game board, checking for win or draw conditions after each turn.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Optimised AI algorithm for improved gameplay balance, resulting in a win rate of 50% for both the player and the AI.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
User-friendly interface with clear instructions and visual feedback, such as highlighting winning cells and displaying the winner's name.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Thorough testing that ensures the game functions correctly, handles user input validation and error cases, and handles game state transitions.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Documented code using clear comments, adhering to Java naming conventions and best practices, and ensuring the code is readable and maintainable.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 Installation\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 To install the game, you will need to have Java installed on your computer. You can download and install the latest version of Java from the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.java.com/en/download/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3 \cb3 \ul official website}}.\cb1 \
\cb3 To run the game, simply clone this repository and run the 
\f4\fs28 \cb3 Main.java
\f1\fs32 \cb3  file in your favourite Java IDE or through the command line.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 \cb6 shell\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb6 Copy code
\f4\fs28 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb2 $ git clone https://github.com/yourusername/tic-tac-toe.git\
$ cd tic-tac-toe/src\
$ javac Main.java\
$ java Main\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 Contributing\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 Contributions to this game are welcome! If you find a bug, have a feature request, or want to contribute code, please create an issue or pull request on this repository.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 License\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 Feel free to use, modify, and distribute this code as you see fit.}